Module 1:
1. Write programs for the following:
    a. Write a program that asks the user to enter their name and their age. Print out a message addressed to them that tells them the year that they will turn 100 years old. 
    b. Write a program to accept a number from the user and depending on whether the number is even or odd, print out an appropriate message to the user. 
    c. Write a program to accept the SGPI from the user and print corresponding grade based on the following:
        SGPI            Grade
        9.00 – 10.00    O
        8.00 – 8.99     A+
        7.00 – 7.99     A
        6.00 – 6.99     B+
        5.50 – 5.99     B
        5.00 – 5.49     C
        4.00 – 4.99     P
        Below 4         F
2. Write programs for the following:
    a. Write a program to generate the Fibonacci series.
    b. Write a program to accept a number from the user display sum of its digits.
3. Write programs for the following:
    a. Write a program to perform basic operations, indexing and slicing on arrays. 
    b. Write a program to implement mathematical functions on arrays.
    c. Write a program to perform array aliasing and copying.
4. Write programs for the following:
    a. Write a program to perform slicing, basic and advanced indexing on NumPy arrays.
    b. Write a program to analyze dimensions and attributes of arrays.
5. Write programs for the following:
    a. Write a function to check the input value is Armstrong and also write the function for Palindrome. 
    b. Write a recursive function to print the factorial for a given number.
    c. Write a lambda function that checks whether a given string starts with a specific character.
6. Write programs for the following:
    a. Write a program to compute number of characters and words in a string.
    b. Create a file geometry.py to calculate base areas for shapes square and circle. In another file, write a function pointyShapeVolume(x, y, squareBase) that calculates the volume of a square pyramid if squareBase is True and of a right circular cone if squareBase is False. x is the length of an edge on a square if squareBase is True and the radius of a circle when squareBase is False. y is the height of the object. First use squareBase to distinguish the cases. Use the circleArea and squareArea from the geometry module to calculate the base areas. 
7. Write programs for the following:
    a. Write a program that takes two lists and returns True if they have at least one common member. 
    b. Write a Python script to sort (ascending and descending) a dictionary by value.
8. Write programs for the following:
    a. Write a program to accept and pass radius to a function that returns area and circumference (using tuple).
    b. Write a program to perform basic file operations on text files and binary files.
    c. Write a Python program to read last n lines of a file. 
9. Write programs for the following:
    a. Write a program to count the occurrences of a specific word in a file using regular expressions.
    b. Write a program to extract all hyperlinks (<a href="...">) from an HTML file.
10. Write programs for the following:
    a. Write a program that compares two dates (in DD/MM/YYYY format) and prints which one is earlier.
    b. Write a program to measure program execution time.
    c. Write a program using the calendar module to print the weekday of the first day of a given month and year.   